****Discussion

We used a combination of miR overexpression and RNAi screening to elucidate novel appetite-related genes from fat body. This screening tool was quite efficient to search novel gene function rather than testing all of individual genes. From our screening and following studies, we identified eating-control functions of pr and its biochemical product BH4.

Cofactor BH4 is required in diverse tissues \cite{Werner_2011}, but it shows different functions in different tissues. For example, it is critical for pain sensitivity in sensory neurons \cite{Latremoliere_2015}. BH4 is known to involved in diverse enzymatic reactions but involvement in appetite control was not suggested. This is presumably because murine models of pr or sptr mutants showed severe developmental defects. Pr-/- died in 48 hours after birth (Sumi-Ichinose 2001) and Sptr-/- showed severe dwarfism because of severe defect in dopamine synthesis (Yang., 2006). Our data suggest that BH4 in NPF neurons may have novel function in appetite control.

Surprisingly, our data shows that functionally related two enzymes – PR and SPTR – are present in two different locations – fat body and NPF neurons – to control eating. This suggests that 6-pyruvoyltetrahydropterin (PTP), which is intermediate product by PTPS, need to be transferred from fat body to NPF neurons, possibly through hemolymph. Humoral link between fat body and brain is known for control of insulin secretion (Germinard 2009). It may possible that BH4-NPF could be another case of remote control from fat body to brain.

Gene purple is named after purplish eye color of its mutant (Kim. 1996), because pr is highly expressed in eyes to generate red-eye pigments. We suspected that pr in eyes may also effect on NPF because of their physical closeness. However, our data suggests there is no effect of pr knockdown in eyes on feeding. Interestingly, pr produces two different transcripts (Kim. 1996).  The 1.1 kb transcript is head specific and is highly expressed during eclosion when eye pigmentation happens. The 1.3 kb large transcript is expressed constitutively for BH4 synthesis (Kim 2013). Differential transcription of pr may explain lack of effect from eye specific pr knockdown.

Drosophila NPF, homolog of mammalian NPY, is known to involve in feeding (Inagaki, 2014; Wu 2003). We found that NPF neurons receive information from fat body and change ad lib appetite behavior. Interestingly, NPF release is inhibited after high amount of BH4 feeding, which is unexpected because known function of BH4 is cofactor. It is possible that BH4 may have inhibitory function in NPF neurons, or BH4 stimulates production of other unknown hormone, which inhibits NPF release. Detailed mechanism of BH4 in NPF neuron remains to be known.

In conclusion, our data illustrate that feeding behavior can be affected by body fat. It may shed light on mechanism underlying regulation of body weight by changes in feeding behavior.
