## Introduction

Appetite behavior is critical to maintain energy homeostasis and is tightly regulated by lots of physiological cues. Environmental cues, such as tastes, smells, and nutritional quality, affect animals to choose which food and how much food should be consumed. Internal cues, for instance hunger, satiety, circadian cycle, developmental stage, and memory, are also crucial for decision-making process to decide how much food should be taken \cite{Trivedi_2014,Itskov_2013}. Energy state - stored fat - is also important cue for animals to mange appetite behavior \cite{Ravussin_2014}. Awareness of energy state is critical for survival because the animal should be prepared for potential starvation but not to be sick from obesity-related diseases. 

Fat body is core place for energy storage. But it recently found that fat body functions more than just storage. In fruit fly Drosophila, it is actively involved in proper insulin signaling, which is critical for growth and lipid metabolism \cite{G_minard_2009}. It is also required for brain development, fecundity, and lifespan \cite{Sousa_Nunes_2011,Anderson_2010,Nasiri_Moghadam_2015}. In human, adipose tissue releases metabolic hormone leptin, which is critical weight-controlling signal \cite{Ahima_1996,Zeng_2015}.

Emerging multifunction of fat body lead us to investigate functionally unknown genes from Drosophila fat body related to appetite behavior. Drosophila is an excellent model system for studying the molecular mechanisms of appetite regulation that couples a quick development time and a diversity of genetic tools with underlying physiology and organ systems that are similar to humans (Leopold 2007). For efficient and precise search of functionally novel genes, we performed the investigation using genome-wide microRNA (miRNA) screening and secondary RNAi screening of miRNA target genes (Suh 2015). MiRNAs are endogenous noncoding RNAs that act as post-transcriptional regulators by inducing the degradation of their target mRNAs. Using Gal4/UAS binary expression system with a library of UAS-miRNA and fat body-specific Gal4 driver lines, we efficiently narrowed the number of potential target genes from whole genome down to less than a hundred. Following secondary RNAi screening for potential target genes of the miRNA, we identified novel functions of genes. 

 Here, we show novel function in appetite regulation of gene purple and its biochemical end-product tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4), which is conserved in fly and human. 

